The Project Gutenberg EBook of A Planet Named Joe, by S. A. Lombino

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.

Title: A Planet Named Joe

Author: S. A. Lombino

Release Date: November 27, 2020 [EBook #63890]

Language: English
*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK A PLANET NAMED JOE ***
Produced by Greg Weeks, Mary Meehan and the Online
Distributed Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net
Colonel Walsh had a great sense of humor. I hated his guts ever since
we went through the Academy together, but he had a great sense of humor.

For example, he could have chosen a Second Looie for the job on Venus.
He might even have picked a Captain. But he liked me about as much as
I liked him, and so he decided the job was just right for a Major. At
least, that's what he told me.

I stood at attention before his desk in the Patrol Station. We were
somewhere in Area Two on Earth, takeoff point for any operations in
Space II. The duty was fine, and I liked it a lot. Come to think of
it, the most I ever did was inspect a few defective tubes every now and
then. The rest was gravy, and Colonel Walsh wasn't going to let me get
by with gravy.

"It will be a simple assignment, Major," he said to me, peering over
his fingers. He held them up in front of him like a cathedral.

"Yes, sir," I said.

"It will involve finding one man, a Venusian native."

I wanted to say, "Then why the hell don't you send a green kid on
the job? Why me?" Instead, I nodded and watched him playing with his
fingers.

"The man is a trader of sorts. Rather intelligent." He paused, then
added, "For a native, that is."

I had never liked Walsh's attitude toward natives. I hadn't liked the
way he'd treated the natives on Mars ever since he'd taken over there.
Which brought to mind an important point.

"I always figured Venus was under the jurisdiction of Space III, sir. I
thought our activities were confined to Mars."

He folded his fingers like a deck of cards and dropped them on his desk
as if he were waiting for me to cut.

"Mmmm," he said, "yes, that's true. But this is a special job. It so
happens this Venusian is the one man who can help us understand just
what's happening on Mars."

I tried to picture a Venusian understanding Mars and I didn't get very
far.

"He's had many dealings with the natives there," Walsh explained. "If
anyone can tell us the reasons for the revolt, he can."
